Feature/beautiful readme (#1)
PegaSysEng/orchestrate-quick-start: README.md

> # PegaSys Orchestrate Quick Start

Reviewer: Nice

<p align="center">
  <img src="static/orchestrate-logo.png" width="400px" alt="Orchestrate Logo"/>
</p>

> PegaSys Orchestrate is a platform that enables enterprises to easily build secure and reliable applications on the Ethereum blockchain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PegaSys Orchestrate is a platform that enables enterprises to easily build secure and reliable applications on Ethereum blockchains.
```

Reviewer 2: So its not implying 'the' Ethereum public chain, but any Ethereum blockchain

> It provides all features to connect to blockchain networks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It provides multiple features to connect to blockchain networks:
```

> - Transaction Management (transaction generation, gas management, nonce management, transaction listening...)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Transaction Management (e.g.: transaction crafting, gas management, nonce management, transaction listening)
```

Reviewer 3: As per our guidelines, you should not use the "e.g.:" abbreviation: https://github.com/PegaSysEng/doc.common/wiki/Pegasys-Documentation-Style-Guide#avoid-abbreviations

> - Account-Management with private key storage in Hashicorp Vault

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Account Management, with private key storage in Hashicorp Vault
```

- Smart Contract Registry
- Multi-chain & Multi-protocol (public or private)

> For more information please refer to Orchestrate official [documentation](https://docs.orchestrate.pegasys.tech/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information please refer to [PegaSys Orchestrate documentation](https://docs.orchestrate.pegasys.tech/en/stable/).
```

# Quick-Start

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Table of contents
```

Reviewer 2: I think there is a way to automatically generate the table of contents on html, we can do it on the next release.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/isaacs/github/issues/215#issuecomment-561605313

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Set-up and run Orchestrate](#set-up-and-run-orchestrate)
  - [Login on Orchestrate Docker registry](#login-on-orchestrate-docker-registry)
  - [Configure Orchestrate](#configure-orchestrate)
  - [Run Orchestrate](#run-orchestrate)
  - [Install CLI](#install-cli)
- [Create an Ethereum account](#create-an-ethereum-account)
  - [Create account using CLI](#create-account-using-cli)
  - [Inspect Ethereum accounts in Hashicorp Vault](#inspect-ethereum-accounts-in-hashicorp-vault)
- [Connect to a blockchain network](#connect-to-a-blockchain-network)
  - [Register a blockchain network](#register-a-blockchain-network)
  - [Control network is properly registered](#control-network-is-properly-registered)
- [Configure a Faucet](#configure-a-faucet)
- [Register a Smart Contract](#register-a-smart-contract)
- [Send Transactions](#send-transactions)
  - [Create an account pre-funded by Faucet](#create-an-account-pre-funded-by-faucet)
  - [Consume transaction receipts](#consume-transaction-receipts)
  - [Deploy Smart Contract](#deploy-smart-contract)
  - [Send a transaction](#send-a-transaction)

> During this quick-start you will manipulate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During this quick-start you will manipulate:
```

Reviewer 2: Order of appearance wouldn't it be : 
1- SDK
2-CLI 
3-REST API 
?

- Orchestrate Command Line Interface
- Orchestrate REST API
- Orchestrate SDK

## Requirements

> - Have [`docker`](https://www.docker.com/) and [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Have [`docker version 18.09 or upper;`](https://www.docker.com/) and [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed
```

Reviewer 2: Clone the repo?

> - Have [`node` and `npm`](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Have [`node` and `npm` version 10 or upper](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed
```

## Set-up and run Orchestrate

### Login on Orchestrate Docker registry

> If you are running Orchestrate for the 1st time you need to login on Orchestrate Docker registry. If you do not have credentials yet, please contact support@pegasys.tech

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running Orchestrate for the first time you need to login on Orchestrate Docker registry. 
If you do not have credentials yet, please contact support@pegasys.tech
```

```
docker login -u <username> -p <password or API key> consensys-docker-pegasys-orchestrate.bintray.io
```

> ### Configure Orchestrate

Reviewer: This section is empty

### Run Orchestrate

```
make up
```

<img src="static/make-up.png" width="900px" alt="Make up"/>

> In particular it started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By running these commands you have started:
```

Reviewer 3: Try to avoid passive forms

> - Orchestrate external dependencies (Kafka, Redis, Postgres, Hashicorp Vault). See `scripts/deps/docker-compose.yml`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Orchestrate external dependencies (Kafka, Redis, Postgres, Hashicorp Vault). See `scripts/deps/docker-compose.yml`), and
```

- Orchestrate Microservices

> > **Note:** _Run `make down` to stop Orchestrate and remove all data volumes_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Important:** _Run `make down` to stop Orchestrate and remove all data volumes_ (otherwise they will keep running on the back).
```

Reviewer 3: You should not write this not at this stage or some users will shut down the node and won't understand why the following doesn't work.
Move it to the end of the article.

### Install CLI

```bash
npm install
```

> Verify CLI is properly installed and list all commands by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verify CLI is properly installed and list all commands by running:
```

# PegaSys Orchestrate Quick Start

> <p align="center">

Reviewer 3: You should not use HTML in MD. It's not a bit deal if you image is not centred. If you really need it to be centred, use MD table instead, but not HTML please.

  - [Send JSON-RPC request through blockchain proxy](#send-json-rpc-request-through-blockchain-proxy)
- [Configure a Faucet](#configure-a-faucet)
- [Register a Smart Contract](#register-a-smart-contract)
  - [Compile Smart Contract](#compile-smart-contract)
  - [Push artifacts to Smart Contract registry](#push-artifacts-to-smart-contract-registry)
  - [List Smart Contracts stored in registry](#list-smart-contracts-stored-in-registry)
  - [Get details about a Smart Contract](#get-details-about-a-smart-contract)
- [Send Transactions](#send-transactions)
  - [Create an account pre-funded by Faucet](#create-an-account-pre-funded-by-faucet)
  - [Consume transaction receipts](#consume-transaction-receipts)
  - [Deploy Smart Contract](#deploy-smart-contract)
  - [Send a transaction](#send-a-transaction)

During this quick-start you will manipulate

- Orchestrate Command Line Interface
- Orchestrate REST API
- Orchestrate SDK

## Requirements

- Have [`docker>=18`](https://www.docker.com/) and [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed
- Have [`node>=10` and `npm`](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed

## Set-up and run Orchestrate

### Clone project

```bash

> git clone git@github.com:PegaSysEng/orchestrate-quick-start.git

Reviewer 3: Cloning via http is usually simpler for users and you have less issues. It's going to be a public repos I know, so no ident issues, but still.

```

### Login on Docker registry

> If you are running Orchestrate for the 1st time you need to login on Orchestrate Docker registry. If you do not have credentials, please contact support@pegasys.tech

Reviewer 3: I would change "If you do not have credentials" into " if you are one of our customers and have issues login to the registry"

Author: Not all users will customers (for example ConsenSys internal users, PegaSys partners...)

```bash
docker login -u <username> -p <password or API key> consensys-docker-pegasys-orchestrate.bintray.io
```

### Run Orchestrate

```bash
make up
```

> <img src="static/make-up.png" width="900px" alt="Make up"/>

Reviewer 3: Use markdown image syntax please:
`![Make up](static/make-up.png)`

npm run orchestrate [cmd] help
```

**Example:** `npm run orchestrate contracts help`

> ## Create an Ethereum account

Reviewer 2: Seams to me that this is not the right title, much more is covered under this title

### Create account using CLI

```bash
npm run generate-account
```

<img src="static/generate-account.png" width="900px" alt="Generate Account"/>

> > **Note:** _Save generated account address for later usage_

Reviewer 2: is it worth it to specify where to find the information that needs to be saved, and maybe to specify "save that info on text file that you will access later' to avoid confusions

Reviewer 2: is this account to be used on the Faucet?

Reviewer 3: And show an example of output and explain what part to save.

> ### Inspect Ethereum accounts in Hashicorp Vault

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by 'inspect' 
maybe a short sentence to explain what this step is for

```bash
make hashicorp-accounts
```

<img src="static/hashicorp-accounts.png" width="900px" alt="Hashicorp accounts"/>

You can run any hashicorp Vault CLI command (c.f. https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/commands/) by running

```bash
make hashicorp-vault COMMAND="<command>"
```

> For example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example:**
```

```bash
make hashicorp-vault COMMAND="token lookup"
```

> ## Connect to a blockchain network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use the Chain Registry
```

### Register a blockchain network

> Use Orchestrate API to add a blockchain network, you should provide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [Orchestrate API](http://consensys.gitlab.io/client/fr/core-stack/orchestrate/) to register a blockchain network, for doing so you will need to provide the following information: 
```

- `name` for the network

> - `urls` of at least one JSON-RPC endpoint of an Ethereum node in the network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `urls` of, at least, one JSON-RPC endpoint of an Ethereum node in the network
```

> > **Note:** _We will be connecting to Rinkeby through [Infura](https://infura.io/) but you can connect to any Ethereum network using same procedure_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** _We will connect to Rinkeby through [Infura](https://infura.io/) but you could connect to any Ethereum network using the same procedure_
```

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"name": "rinkeby", "urls":["https://rinkeby.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_PROJECT_ID>"]}' localhost:8081/chains
```

<img src="static/post-chain.png" width="900px" alt="Create Chain"/>

> > **Note:** _Save chain unique identifier `uuid` for later usage_

Reviewer 2: Same than before, if by save you mean 'write down on a text editor'  please specify, and maybe also specify at which step it will be used again and/or for what purpose,

> ### Control network is properly registered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Check that the network has been properly registered
```

Verify that chain JSON-RPC is properly proxied by Orchestrate

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["latest", false],"id":1}' localhost:8081/<CHAIN_UUID>
```

<img src="static/json-rpc-proxy.png" width="900px" alt="JSON-RPC Response"/>

> ## Configure a Faucet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure the Faucet
```

Reviewer 2: We configure a unique faucet on v2, right?

> > **Note:** _On non zero gas price networks (e.g. public networks such as mainnet), an Ethereum account must be pre-funded with ETH to be able to send transaction. Orchestrate Faucet allows to automatically prefund accounts managed in Orchestrate_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** _On non zero gas price networks (e.g. public networks such as Ethereum mainnet), an Ethereum account must be have a positive balance to be able to pay for a transaction to be mined. Orchestrate Faucet service allows to automatically prefund accounts managed by Orchestrate_
```

Reviewer 2: (we should probably remove this note and link to the Concept on the doc, waiting for N. Massart to review my PRs so we can recover the link)

> Use Orchestrate API to add a Faucet the network, you should provide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [Orchestrate API](http://consensys.gitlab.io/client/fr/core-stack/orchestrate/) to configure a Faucet for the network, for this you need to provide:
```

- `name` for the Faucet

> - `creditorAccount` that will be used to credit other accounts (account should be managed by Orchestrate)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `creditorAccount` in the scope of this Quick Start it is the account you created on the section [Create account using CLI](#create-account-using-cli), a prefunded account that will be used to credit other accounts (account managed by system administrators)
```

> - `chainRule` chain unique unique identifier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `chainRule` chain unique identifier, in the scope of this Quick Start is the chain that we registered on the section [Register a blockchain network](#register-a-blockchain-network)
```

Reviewer 2: which identifier is this one?  from the chain registry? where do I find this one?

Reviewer 3: Use the term "UUID" as previously to avoid confusion

> - Faucet configuration (c.f. Orchestrate documentation for more details)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Faucet configuration (c.f. [Orchestrate documentation](https://docs.orchestrate.pegasys.tech/en/v2.0.0/) for more details)
```

> > **Note:** _Set `creditorAccount` and `chainRule` with values generated in prior Quick Start sections_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> > **Warning:** _Faucet account must own some ETH. To do so, you can either use a Faucet (e.g. https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ if using Rinkeby network) or send a transfer some ETH using Metamask_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** _Faucet account must have a positive balance. To credit the faucet account you created on the scope of this Quick start, you can either use a public Rinkeby faucet to credit it (e.g. https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ if using Rinkeby network) or if you prefer send ETH to it by making a transfer using [Metamask](https://metamask.io/)_
```

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"name":"rinkeby-faucet", "creditorAccount":"<FAUCET_ACCOUNT>","chainRule":"<CHAIN_UUID>","cooldown":"10s","amount":"60000000000000000","maxBalance":"100000000000000000"}' localhost:8081/faucets
```

<img src="static/post-faucet.png" width="900px" alt="Create Faucet"/>

## Register a Smart Contract

> > **Note:** _Quick Start comes with a simple Solidity Smart Contract [Counter.sol](smart-contracts/Counter.sol) but you could use any Solidity contract_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** _This Quick Start provides you a simple Solidity Smart Contract [Counter.sol](smart-contracts/Counter.sol) but you could use any Solidity Smart contract_
```

> 1. Compile Smart Contract (it uses Truffle for compilation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Compile Smart Contract (it uses [Truffle Suites](https://www.trufflesuite.com/) for compilation)
```

```bash
npm run compile
```

<img src="static/compile-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Compile contract"/>

2. Register Smart Contract on Orchestrate

```bash
npm run register-contract
```

<img src="static/register-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Register contract"/>

> 3. Verify that the contract has been successfully registered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Verify that the smart contract has been successfully registered
```

```bash
npm run get-catalog
```

<img src="static/get-catalog.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

> 4. You can get details about the registered contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You can get details about the registered contract running the following command
```

```bash
npm run get-contract
```

<img src="static/get-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Get contract"/>

## Send Transactions

> ### Create an account pre-funded by Faucet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create an account
```

> Generate a new account passing name of the chain to prefund the account on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate a new account indicating the name of the chain to be created on
```

```bash
npm run generate-account --chain <CHAIN_NAME>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** _This account will be automatically funded by the Faucet service configured previously._
```

<img src="static/generate-account-faucet.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

> If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been properly pre-funded by Faucet on Etherscan (https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been properly pre-funded by the Faucet service using Etherscan by replacing on the replacing the account address on the following url: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>
```

<img src="static/etherscan-account.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

> > Important: set `FROM_ACCOUNT` in `.env` with the address just created

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Important**: _set `FROM_ACCOUNT` in `.env` with the address created on the previous step [Create an account](#create-an-account)_
```

Reviewer 2: IMPORTANT: this link is only valid if you accept the suggestion made to the title on the previous section

### Consume transaction receipts

> > **Note:** _Orchestrate allows to manage blockchain transactions that are by nature asynchronous due to blockchain mining time. Orchestrate SDK provides a consumer that allows to asynchronously process transaction receipts._

Reviewer 2: is there another term that we can use, other than 'consume' or 'consumer'? mechanism?
My understanding is that users do not need to have kafka knowledge to use the quick start

npm run orchestrate [cmd] help
```

**Example:** `npm run orchestrate contracts help`

## Create an Ethereum account

### Create account

Use Orchestrate CLI to generate an account

```bash
npm run generate-account
```

> <img src="static/generate-account.png" width="900px" alt="Generate Account"/>

Reviewer 3: HTML!

> **Note:** _Save generated account address for later usage_

### Inspect accounts in Hashicorp Vault

```bash
make hashicorp-accounts
```

> <img src="static/hashicorp-accounts.png" width="900px" alt="Hashicorp accounts"/>

Reviewer 3: HTML image here.

You can run any hashicorp Vault CLI command (c.f. https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/commands/) by running

```bash
make hashicorp-vault COMMAND="<command>"
```

For example

```bash
make hashicorp-vault COMMAND="token lookup"
```

## Connect a blockchain network

### Register blockchain network

Use Orchestrate API to register a blockchain network, you should provide

- `name` for the network
- `urls` of at least one JSON-RPC endpoint of an Ethereum node in the network

> > **Note:** _We will be connecting to Rinkeby through [Infura](https://infura.io/) but you can connect to any Ethereum network using same procedure_

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't we connect to a local Besu node here?

```bash

> curl -X POST --data '{"name": "rinkeby", "urls":["https://rinkeby.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_PROJECT_ID>"]}' localhost:8081/chains

Reviewer 3: Where to find <INFURA_PROJECT_ID> should be explained here.

```

> <img src="static/post-chain.png" width="900px" alt="Create Chain"/>

Reviewer 3: H.T.M.L 😉

> **Note:** _Save chain unique identifier `uuid` for later usage_

### Send JSON-RPC request through blockchain proxy

Verify that chain JSON-RPC is properly proxied by Orchestrate

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["latest", false],"id":1}' localhost:8081/<CHAIN_UUID>
```

> <img src="static/json-rpc-proxy.png" width="900px" alt="JSON-RPC Response"/>

Reviewer 3: HTML

## Configure a Faucet

> **Note:** _On non zero gas price networks (e.g. public networks such as mainnet), an Ethereum account must be pre-funded with ETH to be able to send transaction. Orchestrate Faucet allows to automatically prefund accounts managed in Orchestrate_

Use Orchestrate API to configure a Faucet, you should provide

- `name` for the Faucet
- `creditorAccount` that will be used to credit other accounts (account should be managed by Orchestrate)
- `chainRule` chain unique unique identifier
- Faucet configuration (c.f. Orchestrate documentation for more details)

> **Note:** _Set `creditorAccount` and `chainRule` with values you saved in prior sections of this Quick Start_

> **Warning:** _Faucet account must be credited with some ETH. To do so, you can use a Faucet (e.g. https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ if using Rinkeby network) or send a ETH transfer transaction using Metamask_

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"name":"rinkeby-faucet", "creditorAccount":"<FAUCET_ACCOUNT>","chainRule":"<CHAIN_UUID>","cooldown":"10s","amount":"60000000000000000","maxBalance":"100000000000000000"}' localhost:8081/faucets
```

> <img src="static/post-faucet.png" width="900px" alt="Create Faucet"/>

Reviewer 3: html

## Register a Smart Contract

> **Note:** _Quick Start comes with a simple Solidity Smart Contract [Counter.sol](smart-contracts/Counter.sol) but you could use any Solidity contract_

### Compile Smart Contract

```bash
npm run compile
```

> <img src="static/compile-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Compile contract"/>

Reviewer 3: html

> **Note:** _We use Truffle for compilation_

### Push artifacts to Smart Contract registry

```bash
npm run register-contract
```

> <img src="static/register-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Register contract"/>

Reviewer 3: html

### List Smart Contracts stored in registry

```bash
npm run get-catalog
```

> <img src="static/get-catalog.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html

### Get details about a Smart Contract

```bash
npm run get-contract
```

> <img src="static/get-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Get contract"/>

Reviewer 3: html

## Send Transactions

> > **Important:** _First create a `.env` file by copying `.env.example`_

Reviewer 3: explain where to copy the file and provide an example command

Reviewer 3: Having to let the second variable empty is a bit confusing

### Create an account pre-funded by Faucet

Generate a new account passing name of the chain for faucet to prefund the account

```bash

> npm run generate-account --chain <CHAIN_NAME>

Reviewer 3: What is the name? As you said to use Rinkeby, directly put rinkeby here.

```

> <img src="static/generate-account-faucet.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html

> Important: set `FROM_ACCOUNT` in `.env` with the address just created

If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been properly pre-funded by Faucet on Etherscan (https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>)

<img src="static/etherscan-account.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

### Consume transaction receipts

> > **Note:** _Orchestrate allows to manage blockchain transactions that are by nature asynchronous due to blockchain mining time. Orchestrate SDK provides a consumer that allows to asynchronously process transaction receipts._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Orchestrate allows to manage blockchain transactions that are by nature asynchronous due to blockchain mining time. Orchestrate SDK provides a consumer that allows to asynchronously process transaction receipts.
```

> **Note:** _Orchestrate uses Apache Kafka for asynchronous communications_

> Start consumer in a first terminal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On a terminal window start the consumer: 
```

```bash
npm run consume
```

<img src="static/npm-consume.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

> **Reference script:** [consume.ts](src/consume/consume.ts)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Important**: _Leave this terminal window open, and do not use it for anything else, we will come back to it on the next section._
```

> ### Deploy Smart Contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy an Smart Contract
```

> **Important:** _Before moving forward make sure that `FROM_ACCOUNT` in `.env` has been set_

> On the second terminal, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On a different terminal window from the one used on the previous section, run the following command: 
```

```bash
npm run deploy
```

> **Reference script:** [deploy.ts](src/deploy-contract/deploy.ts)

> After a few seconds (depending on blocktime) you should see the transaction receipt appearing in the consumer terminal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After a few seconds (depending on blocktime) you should see the transaction receipt appearing in the consumer terminal (the one we used on the previous section and left open).
```

<img src="static/npm-deploy.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

> > **Important:** _Set `TO_ACCOUNT` in `.env` with the address of the contract just deployed (you can find it in the receipt)_

Reviewer 2: Can we clarify where in the receipt?

If using Rinkeby you can check transaction has been properly sent on Etherscan (https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>)

<img src="static/etherscan-deploy.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

### Send a transaction

> **Important:** _Before moving forward make sure that `FROM_ACCOUNT` and `TO_ACCOUNT` in `.env` have been set_

```bash
npm run send-tx
```

> **Reference script:** [send-tx.ts](src/send-tx/send-tx.ts)

After a few seconds (depending on blocktime) you should see the transaction receipt appearing in the consumer tab

<img src="static/npm-send-tx.png" width="900px" alt="Send Tx"/>

> If using Rinkeby you can check transaction has been properly sent on Etherscan (https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using Rinkeby you can check transaction has been properly sent on Etherscan by replacing on the replacing the account address on the following url: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>
```

```

<img src="static/post-chain.png" width="900px" alt="Create Chain"/>

> **Note:** _Save chain unique identifier `uuid` for later usage_

### Send JSON-RPC request through blockchain proxy

Verify that chain JSON-RPC is properly proxied by Orchestrate

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["latest", false],"id":1}' localhost:8081/<CHAIN_UUID>
```

<img src="static/json-rpc-proxy.png" width="900px" alt="JSON-RPC Response"/>

## Configure a Faucet

> **Note:** _On non zero gas price networks (e.g. public networks such as mainnet), an Ethereum account must be pre-funded with ETH to be able to send transaction. Orchestrate Faucet allows to automatically prefund accounts managed in Orchestrate_

Use Orchestrate API to configure a Faucet, you should provide

- `name` for the Faucet
- `creditorAccount` that will be used to credit other accounts (account should be managed by Orchestrate)
- `chainRule` chain unique unique identifier
- Faucet configuration (c.f. Orchestrate documentation for more details)

> **Note:** _Set `creditorAccount` and `chainRule` with values you saved in prior sections of this Quick Start_

> > **Warning:** _Faucet account must be credited with some ETH. To do so, you can use a Faucet (e.g. https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ if using Rinkeby network) or send a ETH transfer transaction using Metamask_

Reviewer 3: Should be indicated in the requirements that you need a Twitter or FB account and it should not be in a warning but a clear mandatory step indicating the process and how many ethers to request

```

<img src="static/register-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Register contract"/>

### List Smart Contracts stored in registry

```bash
npm run get-catalog
```

<img src="static/get-catalog.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

### Get details about a Smart Contract

```bash
npm run get-contract
```

<img src="static/get-contract.png" width="900px" alt="Get contract"/>

## Send Transactions

> **Important:** _First create a `.env` file by copying `.env.example`_

### Create an account pre-funded by Faucet

Generate a new accountn indicating name of a chain to be pre-funded on faucet to prefund the account

```bash
npm run generate-account --chain <CHAIN_NAME>
```

<img src="static/generate-account-faucet.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

**Note:** _This account will be automatically funded by the Faucet service configured previously._

> **Important:** _Set `FROM_ACCOUNT` value in `.env` to the address created (it will be used to send transactions)_

If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been properly pre-funded by the Faucet using Etherscan (following url: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS> after replacing placeholder)

> <img src="static/etherscan-account.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html image

### Consume transaction receipts

> **Note:** _Orchestrate allows to manage blockchain transactions that are by nature asynchronous due to blockchain mining time. Orchestrate SDK provides a consumer that allows to asynchronously process transaction receipts._

> **Note:** _Orchestrate uses Apache Kafka for asynchronous communications_

On a first terminal window start the consumer:

```bash
npm run consume
```

> <img src="static/npm-consume.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html

> **Reference script:** [consume.ts](src/consume/consume.ts)

> **Important**: _Leave this terminal window open without interupting consumer_

### Deploy a Smart Contract

> **Important:** _Before moving forward make sure that `FROM_ACCOUNT` in `.env` has been set_

On a second terminal window, run deployment script:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

> **Reference script:** [deploy.ts](src/deploy-contract/deploy.ts)

After a few seconds (depending on blocktime) you should see the transaction receipt appearing in the consumer terminal

> <img src="static/npm-deploy.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html

> > **Important:** _Set `TO_ACCOUNT` value in `.env` with the address of the contract just deployed (you can find it in the receipt at `contractAddress`)_

Reviewer 3: make it a required step not juste an important note. Use notes only for side information that can be important to know but not something you have to do right now for this QS.
Indicate where to find the address in the JSON

If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been sent using Etherscan (following url: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS> after replacing placeholder)

> <img src="static/etherscan-deploy.png" width="900px" alt="Get catalog"/>

Reviewer 3: html

### Send a transaction

> **Important:** _Before moving forward make sure that `FROM_ACCOUNT` and `TO_ACCOUNT` in `.env` have been set_

```bash

> npm run send-tx

Reviewer 3: specify what tab to run the command in

```

> **Reference script:** [send-tx.ts](src/send-tx/send-tx.ts)

After a few seconds (depending on blocktime) you should see the transaction receipt appearing in the consumer tab

> <img src="static/npm-send-tx.png" width="900px" alt="Send Tx"/>

Reviewer 3: html

> If using Rinkeby you can verify that the account has been sent using Etherscan (following url: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/<ACCOUNT_ADDRESS> after replacing placeholder)

Reviewer 3: specify which account to test, from or to?
